EZP-28009: Extract the RichText FieldType to its own package (#452)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/extending_online_editor.md

                ezrichtext:
                    custom_tags: [ezyoutube]

ezrichtext:

>     custom_tags:

Reviewer: the same change is needed for `custom_styles` node (should be somewhere later on in this document).

                ezrichtext:
                    custom_tags: [ezyoutube]

ezrichtext:
    custom_tags:
        ezyoutube:
            # The template used for front-end rendering of the custom tag

>             template: 'AppBundle:field_type/ezrichtext/custom_tag:ezyoutube.html.twig'

Reviewer: Based on the problems QA encountered we should change it to something more clear, e.g.
```suggestion
            # You need to create this template by yourself
            template: 'AppBundle:your_own_custom_tag_templates:video.html.twig'
```

            # An icon for the custom tag as displayed in the Online Editor's toolbar.

>             icon: '/assets/field_type/ezrichtext/custom_tag/icon/youtube-color.svg#youtube-color'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # you need to provide your own icon for your Custom Tag
            icon: '/assets/field_type/ezrichtext/custom_tag/icon/youtube-color.svg#youtube-color'
```
